[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged all
present to a game.
Amidst the chaos, he also
put prices on the heads
of Luffy and his allies, turning
the entire kingdom against them.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
I think it's time!
He's pissing me off!
You moron.
That's our secret plan!
You never listen, do you?
I'm calling it! Now, Gum-Gum...
Ready? Shambles!
...Red Hawk!
[DOFLAMINGO groans]
Now, Radio Knife.
[TREBOL gasps]
Damn it, Straw Hat!
You really are
the worst, aren't you?
[LUFFY READS ALOUD]
Heh.
How do ya like that, huh?
[panting]
[gasps] Doffy,
you okay? Answer me!
[TREBOL] You've got some
thick sludge between your ears
if you think you can
get away with this, Law!
[BELLAMY]
Straw Hat...
[DOFLAMINGO groans] I'll admit
that was quite a blow.
You see? I told you
it wouldn't kill him!
Now we wasted our only
chance to use that trick!
That's all you had planned out?
You need your egos checked.
I'm not to be toyed with.
Another clone! Look!
[LUFFY gasps]
Why, you! Dammit, Mingo!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[LUFFY grunts]
Stop sending fakes! Fight me!
[yells]
[FUJITORA] You might say this is
an all-or-nothing gamble for me.
[FUJITORA] And the stakes
are as big as they get.
I'm laying my life on
the line for this one.
I have to get my dice
in order to make my roll.
'Cause if I lose them, the game
is over before it even starts.
[KOALA]
Hello? Knock, knock?
Can Sabo please
come out to play?
I heard you.
You liar! You were zoning out!
Your eyes have been
glossed over this whole time!
Also. Remember,
you have a position now!
You can't go picking fights
with Navy Admirals
over personal grudges, 'kay?
You're gonna lead our army
into an all-out war!
But My brother
comes first! Always!
Sabo!
What?
Your reckless behavior's gonna
cause problems for me, too!
--[SABO] Boohoo.
--Sabo!
I learned some new info.
[FUJITORA]
When all is said and done,
the Navy and Doflamingo
are both unneeded here.
We're birds of a
feather, if you will.
The Navy and I can never play
the hero for this kingdom.
It's simply not our place.
What if someone catches
on to your rationale?
[FUJITORA]
They won't.
All they'll see is that I hit
a snag getting' past you.
Said like a true gambler.
[chuckles] Lady luck's
on my side.
'Kay? Understood? You got it?
For real?
--[SABO] Hm?
--Sabo,
the nerve!
Why are you always so stubborn?
Don't you realize that you're
always making Hack and myself
clean up after your
self-indulgent messes?
Don't you even have the tiniest
bit of sympathy for us?
We're Revolutionaries,
not baby-sitters!
Hmph! I'm getting
really tired of being
chewed out on your behalf.
That hurt.
Let's roll these dice, Fujitora.
[TOWNSMAN A]
Okay, it's done.
[TOWNSMAN D] We'll lure
the other criminals out
with the ones we already caught.
It'll be fool proof.
Come on, guys!
Please, let me go!
[TOWNSMAN D] All right, let's
set the next step into motion!
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Yeah!
[TOWNSMAN D]
What the hell?
[PIRATE A]
Move it!
[TOWNSMAN E]
Pirates?
Heh. Finally found ya!
[USOPP gasps]
500 million! All in one shot!
We kill him and the whole
world will know our crew!
[PIRATES yell]
Wait a sec! We're using
them as hostages
so we can end this game
without any more killing!
We don't want them to die!
[PIRATE B] Doflamingo will
murder 'em in the end!
So, you'll all have blood
on your hands either way!
[gasps]
Here's the deal.
Hand 'em over,
or we'll murder you, too!
[TOWNSMAN H]
I'm outta here!
Let's rough 'em up, boys!
[PIRATES yell]
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
[PIRATE D]
Move outta our way!
Help me. Please!
I'm not a fighter!
[PIRATES yell]
Don't you dare lay
a finger on my people.
Fight me! They've dealt
with a lifetime of pain.
That's funny coming from you.
I need a hand here! Help me!
[PIRATES yell]
He's fighting for us?
[DOLDO]
Tank! Hack! Lend a hand!
Yes, sir!
It's my pleasure!
Let's go!
[yells]
Duck!
K-King Riku.
Are you two unharmed?
[TOWNSMAN M]
I'm fine!
[DOLDO]
Wonderful.
Thank you, sir.
[PIRATE O]
Take the King's head!
[PIRATE P]
Don't let him escape!
Don't raise a hand
to any of my citizens!
[PIRATES scream]
That's it, that should
be all of 'em.
Great.
It must hurt. Hang in there.
I've already dressed
your wounds for you.
That old King guy sure is cool!
[screams] I'm sorry!
I really am!
Someone help me!
He's got a knife! [screams]
You didn't stab me?
[BOTH]
Oh! We are free!
[USOPP]
What about the berries?
I thought you guys came here
to catch us? This okay?
We messed up. We were
wrong from the get-go.
We've had a decade-long
grudge against King Riku,
but how could we do this to him
when he's a victim
of Doflamingo, too?
We're all ashamed we
participated in this awful game.
I can't believe we
praised that evil pirate.
And even after we learned
the truth about what he did
to our loved ones,
and how he enslaved them...
[TOWNSMAN P]
We were still seeking salvation
from that deceitful bastard!
We're all so confused.
We still don't know
what we're supposed to do.
[TOWNSMAN P]
What's gonna happen to us?
What's gonna happen
to our kingdom?
Please save us, King Riku!
[USOPP]
What in the heck?
A change of heart, I presume?
They have taken knee?
[gasps]
[TOWNSMAN P] King Riku! Please
tell us what we should do!
[TOWNSMAN Q] If you propose
we fight, we shall take up arms!
[TOWNSMAN R]
Please, King Riku!
[TOWNSMAN S]
We await your command!
[TOWNSPEOPLE crying]
In that event,
I say we stay put.
Huh? Why's that?
If it's necessary, we can brace
ourselves for death later.
[DOLDO] Why place your faith
in them? They're criminals.
That's fine.
Our kingdom must be broken
down and its lies exposed.
They'll do that.
I trust them to end
this false peace.
So, I'm betting everything
on the Straw Hats.
Their leader.
He acts on the goodness
inside his heart.
Even though he's a pirate,
he hasn't lost his humanity!
[DOLDO] Without realizing it,
it seems that I have come to
believe in Luffy's
victory as well.
[ALL gasp]
[TOWNSMAN T]
It's Admiral Fujitora!
[FUJITORA] Historically,
Dressrosa has stood
as a symbol of peace.
I'll be damned if I see this
kingdom fall into war again.
Why is he here?
We can't catch a break, huh?
[FUJITORA]
King Riku, sir.
[FUJITORA] It seems like
we're both about to "go all in"
on this high-stakes game.
One for Straw Hat.
[FUJITORA]
All or nothing.
[yells]
[LUFFY yells]
[LUFFY] Did you even
think of the kingdom?
If we chicken out now,
what'll happen to it?
Special! Long-Range
Attack! Bag Worm!
Cien Fleurs!
Here comes another
"Strong Right"!
[ZORO]
Three-Sword Style!
One Thousand Eighty
Caliber Phoenix!
[ZORO grunts]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Keep laughing. I'll mess you up!
Mingo!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Bullet String!
[yells]
Have another.
[screams]
[TREBOL gasps]
Serves 'em, right!
Yeah! Go, Doffy!
Hey! We know all about how
your ability operates, Law.
Heh. You must have forgotten
that we had our eyes
on the Op-Op Fruit
for quite some time now!
You can chop me up
into a million pieces,
but I'm gonna
turn back to normal.
Now I'm ready for round two!
Huh?
[gasps] Oh no, no, no!
[TREBOL gasps]
What the hell? What'd you do?
[LAW]
You finally noticed.
The Radio Knife
doesn't work the same
as my regular Amputation.
For the next few minutes,
you'll be unable
to use your ability.
You might as well relax.
You're not going anywhere.
[TREBOL]
Seriously? Trebol's in trouble!
[yells] My nose is runny!
Come on, wait! At least
let me get a tissue!
I'm in a sticky situation here!
Dammit, you!
Gum-Gum Pistol!
[LUFFY gasping]
Hey hey, have mercy
on me here, Law!
Don't you remember all the nice
things we did for you as a kid?
[LAW]
Room!
[TREBOL]
Stop, you ungrateful traitor!
Don't you dare come near me!
Injection.
Snot Blade-Catcher, A-choo!
[LAW]
Shot!
[TREBOL screams]
[LAW]
And the finisher.
[TREBOL laughs]
Fallbright!
[gasps] Traffy!
[DOFLAMINGO]
I won't forgive anyone
who messes with my Family!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Do you recall what I hate
more than anything else
in the world, Law?
It's being looked
down on, remember?
Don't you dare!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[LUFFY gasps]
[gasps] What happened?
What's going on with my body?
[gasps]
[groans] Please,
Doflamingo, stop!
[chuckles]
[BELLAMY gasps]
I'll cut you! Stay away!
Please listen to me!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
I can't stop!
I don't wanna hurt you!
You've got to dodge me!
[LUFFY]
Bellamy!
No. No!
[LAW]
Dammit, Straw Hat!
[TREBOL laughs]
You beat them all!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Knowing what I'm capable of,
did you really believe
you could beat me?
The fact that you
wretched little brats
thought I was so weak
that I would fall to you and
your pathetic surprise attack.
Well, I find that to be
the highest form of
disrespect imaginable.
You're so screwed.
Let me tell you,
I descend from the noblest
of bloodlines in the world.
The Celestial Dragons!
[LUFFY]
Huh?!
[gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Just the fact I exist
makes me deserving
of admiration.
I possessed the rarest
of powers known to man.
[COMMONERS laughing]
[DOFLAMINGO screams]
[DOFLAMINGO] However,
my worthless father abandoned
the greatest birthright
in the world.
Our priceless divine nobility.
Then our fate was sealed.
My whole family was
sentenced to suffer
among the commoners
in this rotten cesspool.
[DOFLAMINGO] "Live like
a human," he would squawk.
Well, screw that!
[DOFLAMINGO] My father was
nothing but an imbecile.
Come on, kids. Let's go.
We'll live humbly.
[DOFLAMINGO] What did he
think was going to happen?
Hiya, Daddy!
Where did all the slaves go?
Hey! Let's buy some more?
Um, Daddy?
Why are they not
kneeling before me?
Daddy, why? Everyone
is coming after us!
[COMMONER A] They're a family
of Celestial Dragons!
Don't kill 'em! Let's make
them suffer instead!
[COMMONERS yell]
[DOFLAMINGO cackling]
At the young age of ten,
I experienced both Heaven
and Hell, firsthand.
I took it upon myself
to end my suffering,
by bringing the head of my own
father back to Marie Jois!
[DOFLAMINGO] But can you believe
that the Celestial Dragons
would tell a ten-year-old boy
they wouldn't take back
someone from
a "line of traitors"?
It was then that I found
there was no escaping this hell.
From that moment
forward I swore
that I would destroy
everything they held dear.
To put it frankly,
every damn thing in the world!
The lives you've led
cannot possibly
be compared to what
I've been through.
I'm not wasting my
time screwing around
with brats like you.
It's below me!
[NARRATOR] Facing Doflamingo,
a villain cunning enough
to manipulate the
World Government itself,
Luffy and Law
find their situation
going from bad to worse.
As their execution draws near,
the history of the
Op-Op Fruit is revealed,
along with the tale of how Law
acquired it so many years ago.
[LUFFY]
On the Next One Piece!
"The Ultimate Power!
The Secret of the Op-Op Fruit!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!